<html>

<head>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css">
    <link rel="icon" type="image/x-icon" href="img/FAV.png">
    <title>Home</title>
</head>

<body>
    <div class="header">
        <h1 class="header">Sharper Tech - Group Project</h1>
        <p>Andrew Suhr, Evan Phelps, Gavin Jamieson, Rory Henderson, Kyle Ross</p>
    </div>
    <div class="navbar">
        <ul class="navbar">
            <li class="active"><a href="index.html">Tools</a></li>
            <li><a href="about.html">Team Profile</a></li>
            <li><a href="project.html">Project</a></li>
            <li><a href="skillsjobs.html">Skills and Jobs</a></li>
            <li><a href="reflection.html">Group Reflection</a></li>

        </ul>

    </div>

    <div class="main_content_area">
        <div class="tech_content_card">
            <h2>Sharper Tech</h2>
            <div class="image_box image_box_float_right">
                <img src="img/Logo.png" width="501" height="469">
            </div>
            <P>Sharper Tech comprised of Andrew Suhr (S3933181), Evan Phelps (S3934101), Gavin Jamieson (S3925654), Rory Henderson (S3933584) and Kyle Ross (S3930665). Sharper Tech, our team's name, is an anagram created by using the letters of our members' names to create “Sharper”. </P>

            <h2>Team Site</h2>
            <p>The group was formed early with our Team Site being established on the 8th of December and all members joining shortly after this. To join our team please <a href="https://teams.microsoft.com/l/team/19%3a7xpKXVu4MVCoyrDGZQbRb24ivZPwD6LmPFpbKS8Mgbg1%40thread.tacv2/conversations?groupId=59ace046-0ca6-46d5-ad8c-116dde950e5d&tenantId=d1323671-cdbe-4417-b4d4-bdb24b51316b">click here</a>.</p>

            <h2>Github Link</h2>
            <p>Find us on <a href="https://github.com/JamGav/Assessment3">Github</a> (https://github.com/JamGav/Assessment3)</p>

            <h2>PDF Reports</h2>
            <p>To view this site as a PDF report, check out these PDFs:</p>
            <ul>
                <li><a href="">Sharper Tech-Assessment 3-Team Project</a></li>
                <li><a href="">Sharper Tech-MS Teams Meeting Technology Artifacts</a></li>
            </ul>

            <h2>Meetings</h2>
            <p>We have had multiple meetings over the course of working on Assessment 3.</p>
            <ul>
                <li>19/01/21-<a href="https://rmiteduau-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/s3933584_student_rmit_edu_au/EUfkFzfTgpBJqfLUwCXQOB8BeT8BYDE4uNkebZOeAVO0Dw?e=UR6Ssm">Agenda</a> <a href="https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/:v:/s/IntrotoIT-TeamProject/EfQTjMCnlehGm9bURn6PPcABMFM6oJjslWp82gcExSet5w?e=VG00II">Recording</a> <a href="https://rmiteduau-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/s3933584_student_rmit_edu_au/EQ1RxjN1s3VGlsOjHLbaUmAB7MNu3xTZlazk_CAcErkiSQ?e=g0i3O4">Actions</a></li>
                <li>27/01/22-<a href="https://rmiteduau-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/s3933584_student_rmit_edu_au/EYX9S2a8P61EsmF_zTlbSmkBwNeQ7cFM01r0DNQ9fRCECQ?e=i06cId">Agenda</a> <a href="https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/:v:/s/IntrotoIT-TeamProject/Eb3wvvxLw5VCihKf1kzCBcsBjGiUMb57qeeMn_KsbG7Yfg?e=9SYnbD">Recording</a> <a href="https://rmiteduau-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/s3933584_student_rmit_edu_au/EdgVm-gmsyZItmxnMHKDC_EBtEM1bs7kCVcbvjWsEUvmlg?e=pS88xs">Actions</a></li>
                <li>02/02/22-<a href="https://rmiteduau-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/s3933584_student_rmit_edu_au/EaPiWPB9ZTFKnYZwI0cDEEkBI0QsbaSSLLb2Ux1CnKSC5g?e=tUQOmn">Agenda</a> <a href="https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/:v:/s/IntrotoIT-TeamProject/EctEj1l7volEh5kdzo0BNU8BGTp6Wb6EZZS0wwyBlaO1Fw?e=DmdT5z">Recording</a> <a href="https://rmiteduau-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/s3933584_student_rmit_edu_au/ESXf3G-_ODlEgZTQqfYOWQYBgShLGWmNUkjkGiTto3wf5Q?e=u0hm4E">Actions</a></li>
                <li>05/02/22-<a href="https://rmiteduau-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/s3933584_student_rmit_edu_au/EXg1yTvG38dFjn6Effd4M5ABay7icPlsIamlXV-0HUtuBA?e=cpeZiT">Agenda</a> <a href="https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/:v:/s/IntrotoIT-TeamProject/ERN5CH3obSlKtX3UeNTtMyoBMu_Sl5RehOh5XdfouXTJpA?e=x0SKiE">Recording</a> <a href="https://rmiteduau-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/s3933584_student_rmit_edu_au/ETQu74Q4wzFEjfitW373LRYBpKIkZ7fOndKj2ZR-X9UOQw?e=ZB5dBh">Actions</a></li>
                <li>09/02/22-<a href="https://rmiteduau-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/s3933584_student_rmit_edu_au/EfU7wMWIOO1KoNPGyu5jPZEBtgCJdnFhPvawk6bM2mpq5g?e=c1oMLG">Agenda</a> <a href="https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/:v:/s/IntrotoIT-TeamProject/ERLrjZ3D9JVDoHEKj2zoOLwBPUG6Ge3ZmtgdbR_xotcnLg?e=BT6hvb">Recording</a> <a href="https://rmiteduau-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/s3933584_student_rmit_edu_au/EbZyNDvXAHpIoUF_RRejcesB_gk2djSRZ2r1z8rUt7v1Rg?e=rwU20U">Actions</a></li>
                <li>16/02/22-<a href="https://rmiteduau-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/s3933584_student_rmit_edu_au/EauszoS-ZwhMnPo0EjPSaX0Bts5BE40Plnyp1PtT1CnV8Q?e=nDVHvT">Agenda</a> <a href="https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/:v:/s/IntrotoIT-TeamProject/EW_AI0d-0YNDghHZBV55lx8BzH9ggUh00ptQC4AkvEBiXw?e=7FXavm">Recording</a> <a href="https://rmiteduau-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/s3933584_student_rmit_edu_au/EQcwDo9MuhVGp8a9vtwS91oBghqOSCI6Y4oy5cnAGnlG1Q?e=mytkMh">Actions</a></li>
                <li>19/02/22-<a href="https://rmiteduau-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/s3933584_student_rmit_edu_au/ETuAdRrbPblAvh2KtdJNc5sBEvVnDLFzESbmwCW9hg5QbQ?e=kO92l4">Agenda</a> <a href="https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/:v:/s/IntrotoIT-TeamProject/EaespNEXJbxGvQXjxwdbSWkBydBtkzrd3IxlasqPYIPpEQ?e=r2gFbG">Recording</a> <a href="https://rmiteduau-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/s3933584_student_rmit_edu_au/ER89TvOTTGBIuQokhHzG6mYBnc4REUsCiRis_yF-htNHRQ?e=OpOunn">Actions</a></li>
                <li>20/02/22-<a href="https://rmiteduau-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/s3933584_student_rmit_edu_au/Efhz2yPxJ1dEjVLd3GRl9TABW7MwwIgO2hvm81Oc1PtAxw?e=edi4Vj">Agenda</a> <a href="https://rmiteduau-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/s3933584_student_rmit_edu_au/ERnaYRBZxBZBhh-0yewqzO8BB7Ok-BcnuF-61mN14RRvLg?e=ZJ3BtW">Actions</a></li>
            </ul>
        </div>
    </div>

    <div class="tech_content_card">
        <h2>Github Insights</h2>
        <p>The Assessment 3 PDF asks us to reflect on how well the git audit log reflects on our team's contributions. It is our opinion that due to the different ways in which the team members contributed, there is no real metric from the logs that can be used. For example, we couldn't just use a simple count of commits as some team members committed large blocks of work and others made multiple small commits. We couldn't use the number of lines of code as some team members would modify dozens of lines in one go wth minor changes when conducting reviews. Further to this, there was work carried out which was done outside of the web page by all of the team members that contributed to the overall result.</p>
        <p>Included below is the Gource visualisation of our commit history for A2 and A3. This illustrates the point above that while it may look like certain members are less active in the project, it does not mean that they have contributed less.</p>
        <div>
            <p class="draft_content">Ill embed the video here on the 20th</p>
        </div>

    </div>
    <div class="tech_content_card">
        <h2>Tools</h2>
        <p>Throughout the project we made extensive use of the Office 365 suite. Notably, Teams played a huge role in allowing us to collaborate across the country; however, we also made use of the included OneDrive for sharing large files and the ability to share a Word or Powerpoint document with the group and allow each team member to edit the same document concurrently.</p>
        <h2>GitHub</h2>
        <p>GitHub is another tool that we use as part of our process. We use GitHub as the repository where we develop our application. It allows multiple users to work together and build on the work of others. We also make use of the summary, description, and comment features on commits to provide further insight to other team members' work.</p>
        <p>For code storage and development, a GitHub Organization account will be used to store code and manage issues and deployments. GitHub is chosen over any other self-hosted applications as it offers the most features and most users will be familiar with its use.</p>

        <h2>Other Tools</h2>
        <p>All official communication is contained through these applications, but other communication platforms, such as Facebook messenger and Discord are used for more casual check-ins and to chase members if they are running late for a meeting.</p>
    </div>
    <div class="main_content_area">
        <div class="tech_content_card">
            <h2>19/01/22</h2>

            <h3>Agenda</h3>
            <P>Good Job on A2, pat on the back. Time to start looking at A3 and A5. These two tasks make up 60% of the unit, so the real work starts now.</P>
            <ul>
                <li>Read through A3 and A5. Make sure you understand the requirements and what needs to be done.</li>
                <li>Discussion of the Goals for the App Prototype</li>
                <li>Discussion of current skills in the group</li>
                <li>Discussion of how we want to approach the video</li>
            </ul>
            <p>In addition during tonight’s call we will also:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>Discuss and complete the A2 Contributions Form</li>
                <li>Discuss 7.2.1 </li>
            </ul>
            <h3><a href="https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/:v:/s/IntrotoIT-TeamProject/EfQTjMCnlehGm9bURn6PPcABMFM6oJjslWp82gcExSet5w?e=VG00II">Recording</a></h3>

            <h3>Actions</h3>
            <P>Thanks All for your time today. Please see the actions below. </P>
            <h4>General</h4>
            <ul>
                <li>Contribute to the Group Task for week 7, 7.2.1. Gavin has started us off, please contribute before Saturday when Gavin will collate our thoughts and post our response.</li>
                <li>Sign and submit the A2 Contribution form </li>
                <li>Taks 4 is an individual Task but requires the course work to be completed and is due at the same time as A3 and A5. Please try and keep on top of the weekly course work, to avoid having to catch up towards the end of the course and taking away from Team time. </li>
            </ul>

            <h4>A3</h4>
            <ul>
                <li>We will have a weekly scheduled meeting after the Tut every Wednesday.</li>
                <li>Gavin Fork the repo, invite all team members, create the group website </li>
                <li>Start to go through and customize the existing site for A3. Copy headings and structure your content under the headings from the Assessment Sheet. This makes it easier to mark and easier for us to track progress. Let's aim to have the site with all headings up before our next meeting. </li>
                <li>Start reading and drafting parts to add to the Project. Rory will aim to have a Draft of the “Project Overview”, “Ethical Risks” and “Group Processes and Communications” up before our next meeting. Other sections like Tools and technologies and Team Profile can be taken and adapted from A2. All sections will develop as we develop the app. If you have sections you want to focus on during this week, please comment them below.</li>
                <li>Rory will add a Draft for our scope. Please read and add your changes pre the next meeting. This will be our goals for the next 5 weeks, so make sure you agree and are onboard. </li>
                <li>We need to plan/track our progress weekly for the Timeframe requirement of the assessment. For this week everyone's task is to research App development, to help us plan our development.</li>
                <li>We are aiming to have the task completed on Sunday the 13th, to give us time to edit, format the report and finalize all content.</li>
                <li>Rory to upload his summary document on A3 to Teams.</li>
            </ul>

            <h4>A5</h4>
            <ul>
                <li>think about how we want to present information. Draft Script and Storyboards are due in Week 10. A lot of this will be taken from A3, so get writing and committing.</li>
                <li>Drew and Evan to create some custom Stingers and a brand audio logo.</li>
            </ul>
        </div>
    </div>

    <div class="main_content_area">
        <div class="tech_content_card">
            <h2>27/01/22</h2>

            <h3>Agenda</h3>
            <ul>
                <li>Share research into App Development and present a Timeline for The Pursuit of Hoppiness (PoH)</li>
                <li>Reflect on the current development of the Group Site. What do we want to improve/Change/ do the same?</li>
                <li>Agree on the Scope of PoH development</li>
                <li>Discuss roles for PoH development. Do we want roles? What are the roles? How do we want them assigned?</li>
                <li>Assign team members to content for A3. All responsible for editing, but a primary person responsible for writing.</li>
                <li>Lock off video idea. Assign group member/s to script and create Storyboards for week 10 submission</li>
                <li>Schedule additional meeting on Saturday/Sunday 5/6 to get group sign off for A5 Draft script and Storyboard.</li>
            </ul>
            <h3><a href="https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/:v:/s/IntrotoIT-TeamProject/Eb3wvvxLw5VCihKf1kzCBcsBjGiUMb57qeeMn_KsbG7Yfg?e=9SYnbD">Recording</a></h3>

            <h3>Actions</h3>
            <h4>A3</h4>
            <P>Based on the research into app development and Scope proposed by Gavin we have pinpointed 4 areas that we will be focusing our development attention on. These have been divided between group members:</P>
            <ul>
                <li>Rory- UI/UX prototype, what will it look like for the user?</li>
                <li>Gavin- Google Maps/other maps API. Pulling existing location data. Possibilities, limitations?</li>
                <li>Kyle- 3rd Party login. How do we pull credentials from existing services? Look more broadly at user accounts, securing their information and allowing account creating instead of using a third party.</li>
                <li>Drew- Databases How do we store user input and send it back to them. </li>
                <li>Evan- Databases How do we store user input and send it back to them. </li>
            </ul>
            <p>As you are looking into your specific area you can add to multiple areas of the Project. These include Plans and Progress (document what you are doing), Tools and Technology, Testing and Risks. Document everything (paper diagrams, progress reports, screen shots) as we need 4 pages for Plans and progress. Use subheadings to define your area.</p>
            <p>As you are looking into your specific area you can add to multiple areas of the Project. These include Plans and Progress, Tools and Technology, Testing and Risks. Document everything (paper diagrams, progress reports, screen shots). Use subheadings to define your area.</p>
            <p>This week our primary goal is to research our assigned areas and plan what you want to work on for the next few weeks in your area and what is achievable in 15 weeks. This will need to be mapped to the Timeline so work with this in mind (weekly goals).</p>
            <p>Rory will add Aims and will define titles under roles, but please add a description that matches your role.</p>
            <p>As always, please edit and add to all sections of the project as you can. It may be assigned to one person, but the mark for it reflects on all of us.</p>

            <h4>A5</h4>
            <p>We will discuss this on Wednesday, but for the draft aiming for a “rough” script and “rough” storyboard. No marks assigned for this section of the assessment</p>
            <p>Please add a few dot points to the Group Site related to your research area, before next Wednesday as we will need them for a Script and Story board. </p>
            <h5>General</h5>
            <p>Task 4 requires the weekly work to be completed. If you are on top of your course work you can submit this from now. Don’t wait until week 11 and 12 and affect the group project.</p>
        </div>
    </div>

    <div class="main_content_area">
        <div class="tech_content_card">
            <h2>02/02/22</h2>

            <h3>Agenda</h3>
            <h4>General</h4>
            <ul>
                <li>No More Andrew</li>
                <li>Discuss A2 marks- What can we do to improve? </li>
                <li>Discuss A4- Do this now</li>
            </ul>
            <h4>A3</h4>
            <p>Summaries and share your research into your topic area. Give an overview of your timeline.</p>
            <ul>
                <li>Rory- UI/UX prototype</li>
                <li>Gavin- Google Maps/other maps API.</li>
                <li>Kyle- login.</li>
                <li>Evan- Database</li>
            </ul>
            <p>Divide up writing</p>
            <p>Group Processes (more of a reflection on what we are changing from A2, Rory has kind of already done this)</p>
            <p>Career Plans- All required to add to their section (currently copied and pasted from A2). Would be good if someone could add a longer introduction and summary.</p>
            <p>Project</p>
            <ul>
                <li>Aims-Rory</li>
                <li>Plans and Project- All </li>
                <li>Roles- Add your role description/change your role</li>
                <li>Scope and limitations- Rory will edit </li>
                <li>Tools and Technologies- All</li>
                <li>Testing-all</li>
                <li>Timeframe-all</li>
                <li>Risks- all</li>
                <li>Group processes and communications- Done</li>
                <li>Skills and Jobs-</li>
                <li>Group reflections- Later</li>
            </ul>
            <h4>A5</h4>
            <p>Confirm layout and structure.</p>
            <p>Schedule meeting Saturday afternoon to confirm submission for Sunday</p>

            <h3><a href="https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/:v:/s/IntrotoIT-TeamProject/EctEj1l7volEh5kdzo0BNU8BGTp6Wb6EZZS0wwyBlaO1Fw?e=DmdT5z">Recording</a></h3>

            <h3>Actions</h3>
            <p>Thanks for your patience on me adding these. Some of these actions have already been completed. Please add anything I missed. </p>
            <h4>A3</h4>
            <P>Primary:</P>
            <p>All to continue to add to Plans and Project, Tools and Technologies, Testing and Timeframe, Risks and update based on your specific area of research, which are:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>Rory- UI/UX prototype</li>
                <li>Gavin- Google Maps/other maps API.</li>
                <li>Kyle- login.</li>
                <li>Evan- Database</li>
            </ul>
            <p>These are broad areas of research and development but focus on your goal for week 5 and put it on the timeline.</p>

            <p>Additional: </p>
            <ul>
                <li>Rory will add the changes we have made from A2 to A3 in our Group Processes</li>
                <li>Gavin Jamieson will manage the GitHub insights closer to assessment submission</li>
                <li>Kyle Ross will add an introductory paragraph to our Career Plans, comparing the team members (short)</li>
                <li>All to go in and update their Career Plans (currently copied from A2) </li>
                <li>Rory to Extend project aims, past dot points. If you have any extras, chuck them in as a paragraph </li>
                <li>All to Add specific role descriptions to Roles </li>
                <li>Rory will extend on Gavins Input on Scope and limitations </li>
                <li>All to add short summary of the important goals in your timeline </li>
                <li>Kyle Ross to add a short description of the groups approach and how it differs from a traditional development cycle </li>
                <li>Kyle Ross and Evan Phelps to add descriptions and extra roles to skills and Jobs. We need to hire 5 people, can hire multiple people in the same role if we can justify it. </li>
                <li>Rory to create boarder for Gavins map </li>
            </ul>
            <h4>A5</h4>
            <ul>
                <li>All add to the Outline (Attached in the Comments for 02.02.22 Agenda)</li>
                <li>Rory will create the draft Storyboard and Script for Saturday</li>
                <li>Rory will schedule a meeting for Saturday (Come if you can, will only be 10 mins)</li>
            </ul>
            <h4>General</h4>
            <ul>
                <li>Andrew has left. We will leave any area where he has contributed but remove any blank areas. As he was sharing Database research with Evan Phelps we don’t need to reassign A3 roles.</li>
                <li>Do your A4</li>
            </ul>
        </div>
    </div>

    <div class="main_content_area">
        <div class="tech_content_card">
            <h2>05/02/22</h2>

            <h3>Agenda</h3>
            <p>If you are free, jump on the call. I will show and discuss the storyboard and draft script for A5 pre draft submission on Sunday.</p>

            <h3><a href="https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/:v:/s/IntrotoIT-TeamProject/ERN5CH3obSlKtX3UeNTtMyoBMu_Sl5RehOh5XdfouXTJpA?e=x0SKiE">Recording</a></h3>

            <h3>Actions</h3>
            <p>Rory to format and upload Drafts for 10.0.0-A5 Presentation</p>
        </div>
    </div>

    <div class="main_content_area">
        <div class="tech_content_card">
            <h2>09/02/22</h2>

            <h3>Agenda</h3>
            <h4>A3</h4>
            <p>Summaries and share your research into your topic area. How are you looking?</p>
            <ul>
                <li>Rory- UI/UX prototype</li>
                <li>Gavin- Google Maps/other maps API.</li>
                <li>Kyle- login.</li>
                <li>Evan- Database</li>
            </ul>
            <p>What do we need from each other to complete our sections? </p>
            <ul>
                <li>Need more detail in tools (versions /pricing in tools and Tech)</li>
                <li>Plans and Progress (H3?), we need ALOT more in here</li>
            </ul>
            <p>Have a read through the requirements and flag anywhere where we are missing content/need more detail. Comment your thoughts here.</p>
            <h4>A5</h4>
            <p>Have a look at the timeline (need your recordings on Sunday)</p>

            <h3><a href="https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/:v:/s/IntrotoIT-TeamProject/ERLrjZ3D9JVDoHEKj2zoOLwBPUG6Ge3ZmtgdbR_xotcnLg?e=BT6hvb">Recording</a></h3>

            <h3>Actions</h3>
            <p>Thanks all for your time today. The main take away from today's session was that we are all working along our timelines and are confident in our ability to deliver on time. Please flag ASAP if you need assistance from the Team.</p>
            <h4>A3</h4>
            <ul>
                <li>All need to add significantly more detail to Plans and Progress. I approached this with subheadings on the major goals of the UI/UX development and then documented any research I did to reach the goal and the outcome. I suggest using a similar response. Gavin Jamieson, include your demo bit up here.</li>
                <li>All add more specific detail (version numbers and specific applications). Quote from the task sheet is “It is important to be as precise as possible, but descriptions of the tools are not needed here.”</li>
                <li>All needs to add to testing. This information will probably be copied in some way in Plans and Progress.</li>
                <li>Rory to send Evan Phelps a list of what information we need to store for the key functions of the app (to reach the goals in our scope) and beyond this.</li>
                <li>Gavin Jamieson to make the timetable more pretty</li>
                <li>All to read and flag any areas missing conent mentioned in the task outline</li>
            </ul>
            <h4>A5</h4>
            <ul>
                <li>All to send your video and artifacts (with timestamps if relevant) to Rory for Sunday night.</li>
                <li>Rory to edit and share a draft video by Wednesday for team review</li>
                <li>All for A5 I also need a 5-10 second video of you smiling or waving at the camera or doing finger guns, or whatever.</li>
            </ul>
            <p>Not long now.</p>
        </div>
    </div>

    <div class="main_content_area">
        <div class="tech_content_card">
            <h2>16/02/22</h2>

            <h3>Agenda</h3>
            <h4>A3</h4>
            <ul>
                <li>Have a look at the site. What needs to be added/removed? What doesn’t make sense to you?</li>
                <li>Whilst reading compare what is there to the task outline. What are we missing?</li>
                <li>Lock in a timeline for completion and schedule a meeting for Saturday.</li>
            </ul>
            <h4>A5</h4>
            <p>Have a watch of the cut of our video. Do you have any notes for changes? <a href="https://web.microsoftstream.com/video/fc3047d0-9bed-401b-bfe4-8c4463863ae1">Link</a> </p>

            <h3><a href="https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/:v:/s/IntrotoIT-TeamProject/EW_AI0d-0YNDghHZBV55lx8BzH9ggUh00ptQC4AkvEBiXw?e=7FXavm">Recording</a></h3>

            <h3>Actions</h3>
            <h4>A3</h4>
            <ul>
                <li>Completion of HTML site by Saturday. Schedule a meeting 1pm Perth time to get group sign off. </li>
                <li>Sunday call 1pm Perth time for Report sign off. </li>
                <li>Rory will manage all the documentation on meetings.</li>
                <li>Gavin Jamieson will complete Github insights after the Saturday meeting sign off </li>
                <li>All contribute to Group Processes on team profile. What changed for you? </li>
                <li>Remove Andrew from Team Profile</li>
                <li>All reflect on Career Plans </li>
                <li>Rory to finalize Overview, Aims, and scope/limitations. All welcome to contribute. </li>
                <li>Significantly more needed in Plans/Progress </li>
                <li>Tools and Technologies need refinement </li>
                <li>Evan Phelps and Gavin Jamiesonto highlight their major goals in the Timeframe. Rory to add past week 5 on the Timeframe. </li>
                <li>Risk. All what can you add that relevant to your area? </li>
                <li>Gavin Jamieson to copy “Other tools” for Group Processes and communications </li>
                <li>Gavin Jamiesonadd cloud specialist to Skiulls and jobs. Evan Phelpsto review this section </li>
                <li>All to add personal feedback and contribute to group feedback which Rory will post in the 12.0.0 Channel tomorrow. </li>
                <li>All to read and review site content. </li>
            </ul>

            <h4>A5</h4>
            <ul>
                <li>Flag changes within the next hour.</li>
                <li>Rory to fix some audio issues, but upload and submit tonight.</li>
            </ul>
            <p>Please comment anything that was missed. Thanks.</p>
        </div>
    </div>

    <div class="main_content_area">
        <div class="tech_content_card">
            <h2>19/02/22</h2>

            <h3>Agenda</h3>
            <p>By this session all commitments to the HTML site need to have been made. As a Team we will go through for the final OK before Gavin goes in and makes the GIT Hub insights.</p>

            <h3><a href="https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/:v:/s/IntrotoIT-TeamProject/EaespNEXJbxGvQXjxwdbSWkBydBtkzrd3IxlasqPYIPpEQ?e=r2gFbG">Recording</a></h3>

            <h3>Actions</h3>
            <ul>
                <li>Kyle Ross- Add more to Plans/Progress and Tools- over the next three hours- add a comment to this post and tag @all to signal completion </li>
                <li>Evan Phelps-to add to Tools </li>
                <li>Gavin Jamieson- Change Blue CSS for profile boxes </li>
                <li>All add more references in APA 6th. If you have made a statement, prove it. </li>
                <li>Evan Phelps add personal review </li>
                <li>Add a few 100 more words to the group review. Rory will format and upload this latter tonight then format and upload</li>
                <li>Gavin Jamieson makes final changes to the GIT Hub insights and add the visualisation. </li>
            </ul>
            <p>Rory to will start to pull content from the site to our report tonight. If you make any changes after midnight please let him know. The PDF report will be completed by our Sunday meeting for final review and submission. </p>
        </div>
    </div>

    <div class="main_content_area">
        <div class="tech_content_card">
            <h2>20/02/22</h2>

            <h3>Agenda</h3>
            <p>This will be our final meeting before submission. The aim will be to sign off on the PDF report before submitting it to Canvas.</p>

            <h3><a href="">Recording</a></h3>

            <h3>Actions</h3>
            <p>Rory to submit</p>
            <p>Cheers to the end of Intro to IT.</p>
        </div>
    </div>

</body>

</html>
